let's move on to a very very royal dish
I say royal because it's very high in
calories we do not eat it every day so
this is just like a feast once in a way
and the dish I'm going to be cooking is
vegetable biryani now typically you do
have it with meat but let me show you a
vegetarian variation of the same theory
on e4 this false we need to make a paste
of a couple of spices and herbs you have
mint I'm just going to put it in the
blender it take some mint mint leaves
about if you're not too much into mint
cut down on the mint and some cilantro
and some onions and garlic ginger and
some spices like a cardamom pod are you
open it up and put in the seeds then you
put whoops I'm sorry about this we put
some coriander powder it always happens
when you're on television right and you
thought you are the only one who did it
I do it too coriander powder and cumin
powder you go ahead and make a nice
puree of this and what you would get is
something like this a very smooth paste
of all the spices and herbs and what
we're going to do is we are going to
cook it till you have all the various
flavors cook together and what you get
is a beautiful beautiful blend of all
the spices and herbs so I put some oil I
guess I look
right before it causes any more problems
ok and I'm going to add the space in the
hot oil have the oil you need to cook
this for 10 minutes now let me tell you
you have to cook this very well if you
put it under pipette it will not taste
good the book at time are on and cook it
for 10 minutes because when you're
inside of the cell and stirring you sort
of feel it's almost done I think it's 10
minutes let me start cooking but the
dish will not taste good so the secret
for the biryani is cooking these spice
blends really well and I have this cooks
for about 10 minutes let me show you
here now what I do is I add some yoga
you see the difference in color this is
well cooked after 10 minutes and this is
a bright green look onions there's a
really special thing about onions it has
to be either raw or it has to be very
very well cooked the in-between stage of
onion is not something that you want to
taste believe me I've done it many times
and I've learnt it through the hard way
here after this you add some new book of
it
if you are using these you would use it
as a marinade and
then leave the chicken pieces or nice
pieces in there and let it cook for
about two minutes or so and then add
some vegetable
that is wonderful vegetables mixed with
this space how does that mean to say
this wonderful place mix with a
vegetable you can pick whatever you want
now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
layer the rice with this paste when you
are cooking rice it would be an odd
thing if you can add bay leaves it just
gives more flavor to it so I take a pan
and add this plain rice this is a
typical North Indian dish and after this
I'll add some vegetables and to give it
a real rich taste what I'm going to do
is add fried onions you can get the
store-bought or you can fry the onions
chop the onions I have found an easy way
to fry onions chop the onions put it in
the microwave for about five minutes and
then fry it the frying becomes very easy
and also i fried some cashew and a
raisins I want you ahead of time this is
not a low-calorie food it is high
calorie food and then again go ahead put
some rice now there are some people who
do not like mint like my brother he will
just not eat any food which has mint
leaves in it so if there's any member in
your family who doesn't like meat mint
I'm sorry you can skip the mint and the
cilantro and make the same pace
as I showed you and in the end you add
saffron but please do not mix saffron
with the mint both has very strong that
unique flavors and you don't want to mix
these two flavors together here and now
go ahead and put the fried onions around
it go ahead and put the raisins and
cashew on top of it if you were to use
saffron instead of the mint and cilantro
what you would do is put the saffron
milk which the milk which you have soap
saffron and just go ahead and pour it in
it at this at this time after this is
done put it put a aluminum foil on it
and bake on a very low heat for about 10
minutes or so what happens is after
baking all the flavors go through it and
you have a wonderful rice of special
herbs and special spices and fried
onions and fried cashew and fried raisin
it is a rice which you need to enjoy
with a friend and it is a very special
rice called as biryani